BREAST CANCER—LOCAL/REGIONAL/ADJUVANT 507 

Oral Abstract Session 

Downloaded from ascopubs.org by Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine on November 27, 2025 from 111.186.054.106 Copyright © 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology. All rights reserved. 

The impact of ovarian function suppression with adjuvant endocrine therapy on survival outcomes in young germline BRCA mutation carriers with breast cancer: Secondary analysis of an international cohort study. Paola Zagami, Yara Abdou, Virginia Delucchi, Hee Jeong Kim, Florence Coussy, Ava Kwong, Antonio Di Meglio, Giuseppe Curigliano, Judith Balma~ na, Katarzyna Pogoda, Luisina Ines Bruno, Ann H. Partridge, Jeong Eon Lee, Sabine C. Linn, Hans Wildiers, Roberto Borea, Elisa Agostinetto, Lisa A. Carey, Eva Blondeaux, Matteo Lambertini; UNC Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center/University of Milan/ European institute of Oncology IRCSS (IEO), Chapel Hill, NC; Division of Oncology, Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC; Clinical Epidemiology Unit, IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino, Genoa, Italy; Department of Surgery, Division of breast surgery, University of Ulsan, College of Medicine, Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Songpa-gu, South Korea; Universite Paris Cité, Institut Curie, Paris, France; Hong Kong Hereditary Breast Cancer Family Registry,Surgery Centre & Cancer Genetics Centre, Hong Kong Sanatorium & Hospital,The University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong; Cancer Survivorship Program, INSERM 981, Gustave Roussy, Villejuif, France; European Institute of Oncology, IRCCS and University of Milano, Milano, Italy; Vall d’Hebron Institute of Oncology (VHIO), Barcelona, Spain; Maria Sklodowska-Curie Memorial Cancer Centre and Institute of Oncology, Warsaw, Poland; SUMA (Grupo Cooperativo Argentino para el Estudio y la Investigación del Cáncer de Mama), Argentina, Argentina; Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA; Sungkyunkwan University School of Medicine, Samsung Medical Center, Seoul, South Korea; Department of Molecular Pathology, Netherlands Cancer Institute (NKI), Amsterdam, Netherlands; Department of General Medical Oncology, University Hospitals Leuven, Leuven, Belgium; Università degli Studi di Genova, Genova, Italy; Université libre de Bruxelles (ULB), Hôpital Universitaire de Bruxelles (H.U.B), Institut Jules Bordet, Brussels, Belgium; Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC; U.O. Epidemiology Unit, IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino, University of Genova, Genova, Italy; U.O. Clinical Oncology, IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino, University of Genova, Genova, Italy 

Background: In young women with hormone receptor-positive (HR+) breast cancer (BC), ovarian function suppression (OFS) has been shown to improve outcomes when combined with adjuvant endocrine therapy (ET). However, limited evidence exists on its efficacy in germline BRCA (gBRCA) carriers. Here we investigated the association between OFS plus ET and outcomes in the largest global cohort of young gBRCA carriers with BC. Methods: The BRCA BCY Collaboration (NCT03673306) is an international, multicenter, hospital-based, retrospective cohort study of women harboring germline BRCA1/2 pathogenic/likely pathogenic variants, diagnosed between 2000 and 2020 with stage I-III invasive BC at age of # 40 years. The analysis included patients with HR+ BC and available data on ET and OFS. The OFS group included patients treated with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonists (LHRHa) and/or bilateral risk-reducing salpingo-oophorectomy (RRSO) within 1 year of BC diagnosis. Outcome analyses included disease-free survival (DFS), BC-free interval (BCFI) and overall survival (OS). Cox proportional hazard models, stratified for country, year of diagnosis, nodal status, and surgery type and adjusted for RRSO and bilateral risk-reducing mastectomy (time-dependent), were used to explore the association between OFS use (vs non-use) and outcomes. Sensitivity analysis explored OFS as time-dependent covariate. To address immortal time bias, an additional Cox model accounted for left truncation, considering differences in time to BRCA testing. Results: Among 5,660 patients from 109 centers, 1,865 patients with HR+ BC were included, of whom 1,071 (57%) received OFS plus ET (35% with an aromatase inhibitor [AI], 65% with tamoxifen [tam])and 794 (43%) received tam alone. Patients receiving OFS were more likely to have node-positive disease (56% vs 47%), receive treatment in recent years (36% vs 17%), undergo mastectomy (70% vs 57%) and be tested for gBRCA at diagnosis (46% vs 30%). With a median follow-up of 7.8 years (IQR 4.6-12.1), OFS combined with ET was associated with significantly improved DFS (adjusted HR [aHR] 0.79, 95% CI 0.66-0.94), BCFI (aHR 0.74, 95% CI 0.61-0.89) and OS (aHR 0.66, 95% CI 0.50-0.88) over tam alone. Sensitivity analysis using OFS as a time-dependent factor yielded consistent results. No significant interactions were observed between OFS use and specific gBRCA mutations or HER2 status. Sub-analyses by type of ET (OFS + AI vs. OFS + tam vs. tam alone) will be presented at the conference. Conclusions: In this global cohort of young BRCA mutation carriers, OFS combined with ET was associated with improved DFS, BCFI and OS versus tam without OFS. These findings support the consideration of OFS as a key component of adjuvant therapy in this population. Research Sponsor: None. 

 